Add data retention (#2253)
buildkite/docs: pages/test_analytics.md

You can also upload test results by importing [JSON](/docs/test-analytics/importing-json) or [JUnit XML](/docs/test-analytics/importing-junit-xml).

> >📘 Data Retention
> > The upload data sent to Test Analytics is stored in S3 and deleted after six months.

Reviewer: Style tweaks:

```suggestion
>📘 Data retention
> The data uploaded to Test Analytics is stored in S3 and deleted after six months.
```
